		

		
			


1.Which AWS service or component allows inbound traffic from the internet to access a VPC?
	 
Virtual Private Gateway
	 
NAT Gateway
	 
VPC Route Table
	 
Internet gateway



2.A Cloud Practitioner needs to decide which Amazon S3 storage class to use for storing copies of backup data. The storage must provide rapid access when needed but resiliency can be low. Which storage class is most suitable?
	 
Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive
	 
Amazon S3 One Zone-IA

	 
Amazon S3 Glacier
	 
Amazon S3 Standard

3.Which of the following types of recommendation does AWS Trusted Advisor provide? (Select TWO.)
	 
Performance

Serverless architecture
Replatforming
Cost optimization

 Access auditing


4.Which AWS service or feature can be used to restrict the individual API actions that users and roles in each member account can access?
	 
Amazon Macie	 
AWS Organizations

AWS Shield	 
AWS IAM


5.A user is planning to launch three EC2 instances behind a single Elastic Load Balancer. The deployment should be highly available.
	 
Launch the instances as EC2 Reserved Instances in the same AWS Region, but in different Availability Zones.
	 
Launch the instances as EC2 Spot Instances in the same AWS Region and the same Availability Zone.
	 
Launch the instances in multiple AWS Regions, and use Elastic IP addresses.
	 
Launch the instances across multiple Availability Zones in a single AWS Region.


6.Which feature can you use to grant read/write access to an Amazon S3 bucket?
	 
IAM User
	 
IAM Policy

	 
IAM Role
	 
IAM Group


7.Which of the following AWS services are compute services? (Select TWO.)
	 
Amazon EFS
	 
AWS Elastic Beanstalk

	 
AWS Batch

	 
Amazon Inspector
	 
AWS CloudTrail


8.AWS Trusted Advisor provides real-time guidance on what characteristics of an AWS account? (Select TWO.)
	 
Application performance
	 
Security best practices
	 
Application configuration
	 
Network utilization
	 
Cost optimization



9.Which service allows you to automatically expand and shrink your application in response to demand?   
	 
AWS ElastiCache	 
Amazon DynamoDB	 
Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
 
Amazon Elastic Load Balancing


10.A company stores copies of backups on Amazon S3 and requires rapid access but low resiliency. Which storage class is optimized for these requirements?
	 
Amazon S3 Standard	 
Amazon S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access

Amazon S3 Glacier	 
Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive


11.Which service can be used to help you to migrate databases to AWS quickly and securely?
	 
AWS Key Management Service (KMS)	 
AWS Database Migration Service (DMS)
AWS DataSync	 
AWS Server Migration Service (SMS)


12.What strategy can assist with allocating metadata to AWS resources for cost tracking and visibility?
	 
Access Control
	 
Categorizing
 
Tagging

Labelling


13.Which beneﬁt of the AWS Cloud eliminates the need for users to try estimating future infrastructure usage?
	 
Elasticity of the AWS Cloud
Economies of scale	 
Security of the AWS Cloud	 
Easy global deployments

14.Which beneﬁt of the AWS Cloud eliminates the need for users to try estimating future infrastructure usage?
	 
Elasticity of the AWS Cloud
Economies of scale
Security of the AWS Cloud
Easy global deployments


15.Which AWS service can be used to generate encryption keys that can be used to encrypt data? (Select TWO.)
	 
AWS Secrets Manager
	 
Amazon Macie
	 
AWS Certiﬁcate Manager
	 
AWS CIoudHSM

AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)


16.Which design principles are enabled by the AWS Cloud to improve the operation of workloads? (Select TWO.)
	 
Remove single points of failure

Minimize platform design	 
Minimum viable product	 
Loose coupling

Customized hardware


17.Under the AWS shared responsibility model, what are the customer's responsibilities? (Select TWO.)
	 
Physical network devices including firewalls

Data integrity authentication
Security of data in transit
Storage device decommissioning	 
Physical and environmental security

18.Which AWS support plan should you use if you need a response time of < 15 minutes for a business-critical system failure?
 
Basic	 
Business	 
Enterprise
Developer

19.When a customer deploys a database on Amazon RDS, what is the customer responsible for?
	 
Managing automatic backups of the database
Configuring Auto Scaling for high availability of instances
Patching the underlying operating system	 
Controlling network access through security groups



20.What advantages does deploying Amazon CloudFront provide? (Select TWO.)
	 
Provides serverless compute services   	 
Improved performance for end users   
Automated deployment of resources   	 
A private network link to the AWS cloud   	 
Reduced latency   


21.A large company is interested in avoiding long-term contracts and moving from fixed costs to variable costs.
What is the value proposition of AWS for this company?
	 
Volume pricing discounts
Automated cost optimization
Pay-as-you-go pricing
Economies of scale

22.Which feature of Amazon Rekognition can assist with saving time?
	 
Identification of the language of text in a document	 
Provides on-demand access to compliance-related information	 
Identification of objects in images and videos   
Adds automatic speech recognitions (ASR) to applications

23.Under the shared responsibility model, what are examples of shared controls? (Select TWO.)
	 
Service and Communications Protection
Patch management
Storage system patching	 
Configuration management
Physical and environmental


24.Under the AWS shared responsibility model what is the customer responsible for? (Select TWO.)
	 
Encryption of customer data
Replacement and disposal of disk drives	 
Patch management of infrastructure	 
Configuration of security groups
Physical security of the data center

25.A company needs to optimize costs and resource usage through monitoring of operational health for all resources running on AWS.
Which AWS service will meet these requirements?
	 
AWS CloudTrail
AWS Control Tower
Amazon CloudWatch
AWS Config


26.A company has been using an AWS managed IAM policy for granting permissions to users but needs to add some permissions.
How can this be achieved?
	 
Create a rule in AWS WAF.
Create a Service Control Policy.
Edit the AWS managed policy.
Create a custom IAM policy.



27.What is the scope of a VPC within a region?   
	 
At least 2 subnets per region	 
At least 2 data centers per region	 
Spans all Availability Zones within the region
Spans all Availability Zones globally


28.Which Amazon S3 storage classes should be used for storing data for long time periods when immediate access is not required at the LOWEST cost? (Select TWO.)
	 
Amazon S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA)
	 
Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA)
 
Amazon S3 Glacier
Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive
Amazon S3 Standard


29.A customer needs to determine Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) for a workload that requires physical isolation. Which hosting model should be accounted for?
	 
Dedicated Hosts
on-Demand Instances
Reserved Instances	 
Spot Instances


30.Which benefits can an organization achieve by deploying AWS Global Accelerator? (Select TWO.)
	 
Decreased latency to reach applications deployed on AWS.
 
It caches content around the world to reduce latency.
	 
Reduces the cost of deploying global services on AWS.
	 
It increases the durability of data stored on Amazon S3.
	 
Improves the availability of applications on AWS.

31.Which service supports the resolution of public domain names to IP addresses or AWS resources?   
	 
Amazon SNS
	 
Amazon CloudFront
	 
Hosted Zones
	 
Amazon Route 53   



32.What considerations are there when choosing which region to use? (Select TWO.)
	 
Available compute capacity   
Data sovereignty   
Latency   
Pricing in local currency    
Available storage capacity   


33.A company has a website that delivers static content from an Amazon S3 bucket to users from around the world. Which AWS service will deliver the content with low latency?
	 
Amazon CloudFront
AWS Lambda	 
AWS Elastic Beanstalk	 
AWS Global Accelerator

34.When storing sensitive company data in Amazon S3, which security best practices should customers follow?
	 
Enable AWS WAF to restrict access to the bucket.
	 
Enable cross-Region replication on the S3 bucket.
	 
Enable requester pays to reduce costs.
	 
Enable S3 server-side encryption on the S3 bucket.


35.Which items can be configured from within the VPC management console? (Select TWO.)
	 
Auto Scaling 
Subnets
Load Balancing 
Regions
Security Groups

36.Which AWS services can be used to connect the AWS Cloud and on-premises resources? (Select TWO.)

	 
AWS Direct Connect
AWS Managed Services
 Amazon CloudHSM
Amazon Connect
AWS Managed VPN


37.What can you use to quickly connect your office securely to your Amazon VPC?   

 
Route Table   
Direct Connect
AWS managed VPN
Internet Gateway

38.A company recently setup an organization in AWS Organizations with one member account. Who pays for usage incurred by users in the AWS accounts?
	 
The owner of the member account pays for all usage across accounts.	 
The owner of the master account pays for all usage across accounts.
The owner of the master account pays for usage in the master account only.	 
The owner of the member account pays for usage within their account.


39.Which AWS service can an organization use to automate operational tasks on EC2 instances using existing Chef cookbooks?
	 
AWS OpsWorks
AWS Config	 
AWS Service Catalog	 
AWS CodeDeploy

40.A company needs to publish messages to a thousands of subscribers simultaneously using a push mechanism.
Which AWS service should the company use?
	 
Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)	 
Amazon Simple Workflow Service (SWF)
AWS Step Functions

41.A Cloud Practitioner requires point-in-time recovery (PITR) for an Amazon DynamoDB table. Who is responsible for configuring and performing backups?
	 
The customer is responsible for both tasks. 
AWS is responsible for configuring and the user is responsible for performing backups.	 
AWS is responsible for both tasks.	 

The customer is responsible for configuring and AWS is responsible for performing backups.






































